added documentation for mongodb atlas database secrets engine eventua… (#24152)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas.mdx

        username           v-my-password-role-DKbQEg6uRn
    ```

>     Each invocation of the command will generate a new credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each invocation of the command generates a new credential.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

>     MongoDB Atlas database credentials are eventually consistent due to coordination between the [MongoDB Atlas Admin API](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/) and hosted clusters in your Atlas Project. If you are planning on using these credentials in a pipeline, you may need to add a delay or another process to account for this eventual consistency after fetching credentials before they can be used successfully.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MongoDB Atlas database credentials eventually become consistent when the
[MongoDB Atlas Admin API](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/)
coordinates with hosted clusters in your Atlas Project. You cannot use the
credentials successfully until the consistency process completes.

If you plan to use MongoDB Atlas credentials in a pipeline, you may need to add
a time delay or secondary process to account for the time required to fetch the
credentials and establish consistency.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
